samples: subsys: mp: Add audio pipeline sample (#100673)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/audio/pipeline/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: audio-pipeline
   :name: Audio pipeline

>       An audio pipeline built on libMP captures audio frames and applies gain control before playing them back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Build an audio pipeline that captures audio frames and applies gain control before playing them back, using libMP.
```

        
Overview
********

::

    +---------------+     +---------------+     +------------- ----+     +------------------+
    |  DMIC Source  | --> |  Caps Filter  | --> |  Gain Transform  | --> |  I2S Codec Sink  |

>     +---------------+     +---------------+     +------------------+     +------------------+

Reviewer: you should use [graphviz](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/contribute/documentation/guidelines.html#graphviz) or [mermaid](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/contribute/documentation/guidelines.html#mermaid) here
